Add/update docs for passwordless, WebAuthn and U2F (#13314)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/webauthn.mdx

$ tctl create -f cap.yaml
# cluster auth preference has been updated
```
</ScopedBlock>

<Admonition type="tip" title="U2F">

>   Starting on Teleport v10, WebAuthn replaces U2F. See the [U2F](#u2f) section.

Reviewer: To prevent the reader from jumping around this page, I think we can:
- Turn this Admonition into a Details box called "Using U2F?" or something similar
- Move the contents of the U2F section into the new Details box

Author: Changed to Details, but kept the separate U2F section. I didn't like the way text flows from U2F to the rest of this section, as users are not really supposed to follow both.

#   Valid until:        2021-10-04 23:32:29 -0700 PDT [valid for 12h0m0s]
#   Extensions:         permit-agent-forwarding, permit-port-forwarding, permit-pty
```
</ScopedBlock>

<Admonition type="note">
  WebAuthn for logging in to Teleport is only required for [local users](
  ../../setup/reference/authentication.mdx#local-no-authentication-connector).
  SSO users should configure multi-factor authentication in their SSO provider.
</Admonition>

## U2F

Starting with Teleport v10, WebAuthn replaces U2F. If you haven't configured U2F
before, no further action is necessary—any U2F devices are automatically
supported.

If you have an existing U2F configuration, but haven't explicitly configured
WebAuthn yet, Teleport will automatically derive your WebAuthn configuration
from your existing U2F configuration.

You may write the WebAuthn configuration yourself, but keep the U2F `app_id`
field. Doing so ensures that any already-registered U2F devices won't need to be
re-registered.

For example, consider the U2F configuration below:

```yaml

> # snippet from /etc/teleport.yaml showing an U2F configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# snippet from /etc/teleport.yaml showing a U2F configuration:
```

  multi-factor authentication in their SSO provider.
</Admonition>

## U2F

> Starting on Teleport v10, WebAuthn replaces U2F. If you didn't configure U2F

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Teleport v10, WebAuthn replaces U2F. If you haven't configured U2F
```

> before no further action is necessary - any U2F devices are automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before, no further action is necessary—any U2F devices are automatically
```
using an em dash here

supported.

If you have an existing U2F configuration, but haven't explicitly configured
WebAuthn yet, Teleport will automatically derive your WebAuthn configuration

> from U2F. You may write the WebAuthn configuration yourself, but keep the U2F

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from your existing U2F configuration. 

You may write the WebAuthn configuration yourself, but keep the U2F
```

> "app_id" field - doing so ensures any already-registered U2F devices won't need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app_id` field. Doing so ensures that any already-registered U2F devices won't need
```
